So, sir, you're so kind, sir.
time to find the podium search
on the street branches
The one I bought at the time
already camila reprimand understands
Busscar can not walk down the street're
had hair again
i
Then I'll talk to Auntie Camila. I have
some images here of something that
happened in traffic today there are some
their teams honking
cyclist and is making gestures
screaming with him the children even film
it in the image he was messing
the traffic
Let me explain to you what
there was in the video here
you approach behind the
bicycle what the headlight honks several
times outweighs
aylci to stay the lady
Exceed speech Some joke does not leave
I explain
Let me explain, the lady can already
talk a reason please did not have to
lady is way over, say something
he to the side of the lady's question is
Why do you say that you
Whether a cyclist can a cyclist can
walking in the middle of the road so the cyclist
then may the lady then lord is mine
schedule
or chemist I think what we people
means transit code Article 58
said that he is not what he is
sure she goes there the cyclist can
Article 58 of the Code
traffic allows this and drivers
motor vehicle drivers
have to respect one and a half
distance to overtake a bicycle and
that I saw in the video you got a
little nervous he was occupying the
and honked at him and then
cheater
it is true